pantomime he's behind you
oh no he isn't no he is literally chases
right behind you no grab your pant oh
and enjoy the show
don't forget the Encore panto only don't
pick anything else
what's a pant oh the panther it's a
smart girl oh my god I don't want to
turn oh my god this is for your worst
nightmare oh my god this is literally I
draw my god oh my god oh what's
happening
oh this is so shit they are horrible
calls I love this car so much
it's sick of driftin no it's not this
quest race no no luck to us three what
three three three
no not even one thing about ending it oh
my fucking god Nathan no don't say that
Oh Justin don't say it who's in third if
I get this term palm tree rate hey Ethan
Ethan we're friends in this business are
we yes oh my god Simon just used me like
when are you not getting used some days
oh shit no changes leave me alone my
races all the time oh my god why laps
three out of Hokkien three no KJ you
bitch boys races giving me like
hemorrhage really got like JJ's no no no
trying to go man it's caught up Jay
David official retard he actually is
some official he's unofficial he's not
confirming JJ oh my god guys oh yeah
you're a prick that's why they call me
Sally
he's a fuck who you steady
here Paco
this is a on foot parkour race around
Del perro pier when the race starts get
off your bike and we know this I'm stuck
in the ledge okay oh my god oh my god oh
go away
No
no no no I was yeah you know zgd Aries
you